Update Get-ADPrincipalGroupMembership.md (#3591)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2016-ps/activedirectory/Get-ADPrincipalGroupMembership.md

Required: False
Position: Named

> Default value: DefaultNC; Provider: Default is to use the Partition that you are currently in. Else, use DefaultNC (IE: If you are in the RootDSE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default value: DefaultNC; Provider: The default is to use the Partition that you are currently in. Otherwise, use DefaultNC (that is, if you are in the RootDSE)
```
